[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>And now, world-renowned
spirit medium James Van Praagh.
[CHEERING]
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH:
Hi, everyone.
Hello.
Hi, thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks you very much.
Thank you very
much, appreciate it.
And thank you at home, also, for
watching "Spirit Talk," where
I take you one step
closer to heaven.
And today you might notice
that our set has gone.
And, in turn, we've
created these-- well,
we have two boxes on the floor.
And God only knows
what's going to happen.
The spirit world wanted
me to share with you
a very special type of species.
They wanted me to work today
with the animal kingdom.
How many people out there,
how many people in here,
have animals?
Raise your hand.
Practically all of us.
Animals to me-- and
ever since I started
doing this work
over 30 years ago,
I noticed that the animal
kingdom is very, very special.
And I used to think that
maybe the animal kingdom is
a separate species or a separate
kingdom from the humans.
And over the years,
spirit would say to me,
why would you limit spirit?
We can be part of
the animals as well.
So part of our energy is in
the animals and vice versa.
Everything is one.
There's no lineation,
if you will.
Maybe in their mindset
they're a little different.
I often think that animals
are way beyond the humans.
I think they're pretty evolved.
And I think they know
about unconditional love.
And they're incredible healers
And I think we could learn
a lot from our animals
about unconditional love,
about patience, about humility,
about compassion.
I mean, you hit a dog.
What happens?
They come back, and
they lick your face.
Hello.
I wish humans would do that.
Well, maybe not
licking the face,
but I wish they would
come back and do that.
So, recently--
well, we know this,
but we recently we found out
in scientific communities
that animals are
really, really important
for the healing
aspects of humans.
Animals are now used, of
course, in hospitals and really
in centers all over the world.
This nurse, Rebecca Johnson
from the Integration
of Humans and Animals Center,
she has found that, of course,
different types of dogs
are able to detect things
before they happen,
like a heart attack.
Certain animals, dogs, can
detect cancers in people.
They can detect,
of course, bombs.
And we have them for
security reasons.
Animals are so much more aware
on so many levels than we are.
Their sixth sense is
very, very, very refined.
And they'll know things before
they happen all the time.
There are also animals that are
working now with institutions,
hospital institutions and
jails and so forth to help.
To open up, if you will, that
person's sense of connection,
that person's sense of love
and caring, compassion.
They teach us a lot.
And they could really be
used for institutional work
and health work.
That we find that when we're
around animals-- and even
the word pet, the word pet
comes from lightly stroking.
That's what it means,
lightly stroking.
So even if you just
pet a pet, whether it's
a cat, a dog, or you can connect
with a fish or your bird.
Just connecting
with them sets off
a certain hormone in
the body, oxytocin.
And that really--
that oxytocin hormone
is the one that
releases happiness.
It's the joy hormone.
So, really, working with
animals, being with animals,
really, really important.
And I think that we, as
the human species here,
have responsibility
to those animals
because they give so much to us.
Can't we give a little
bit back in return?
Don't you think?
So I often say spay and neuter
are very, very important.
And really help with
shelters and rescue shelters
all over the country,
if you could.
I work a lot with rescuing dogs.
And I once-- this is a
story which I rarely will--
I'll start crying.
But I gotta tell it to you.
It's so real.
For me, personally, when I was
going through an experience,
I was down in San
Diego, California.
And I went to go see a
friend do a show there.
And it was early in the morning,
at 9 o'clock in the morning,
and I wanted Starbucks
because I love my Starbucks.
So I was at a four-way
stop, downtown San Diego.
And as if a movie was playing
out two seconds before it
happened, I could see
as I'm at the stop sign,
a little girl on the
left was holding a puppy.
And she was with her mother.
And I saw this happen
right before it did.
The puppy got out of her arms.
Ran right into the
middle of the street.
I saw this Volvo come up,
and then roll over the dog.
And I freaked.
I freaked out.
I was like, ah!
I had never seen that before.
And I got out of my
car as if in a trance,
and I went down
to that poor dog.
And as if I wanted
to turn back time.
I wanted to turn back time.
I wanted to make sure
this didn't happen.
I was like, no, no, no, and
this poor dog just writhering
in pain there.
And I was like, oh, gosh.
I wanted to turn back time.
And I was trying
to heal the dog.
I was bringing
everything I could,
bringing a sense of healing
and love to this animal.
And it was really painful.
And then I got
back into my body.
And I realized, James, if they
didn't see a little dog down
here, the cars might
not see you either,
so you should probably
get up off your rear end
and get a parking space
and do some-- so I did.
I got back up.
I was like, what was I thinking?
But you had to what
you have to do.
Your heart tells you.
So I found a parking
space down the street.
And by the time I got back
there to the intersection,
there was a police woman
holding the dog in a blanket.
And the poor little girl
is there, and her mother,
who I was not liking.
And the little girl was
saying, please, please, please,
I just want to say goodbye.
And it really hurt.
And it hurt so much.
Because you think about
that poor little girl,
how that's going to really,
really take hold of her life,
really.
And that emotional
kick in the heart
for that poor little girl.
And I was so angry
with that mother
for not letting that girl have
a leash for that dog downtown.
It's like, how would
you not think that?
So anyway, that stayed with me.
That experience stayed
with me for a long time,
for at least two weeks.
I couldn't sleep at night.
I was kind of
scarred by it myself,
because I was so
obsessed with that.
It hurt so much.
And that one night when I was
able to sleep, I had a dream.
And a guide came to mind who
I'd never recognized before.
And this guide said
to me, from what
I can remember, because it's
bits and pieces, fragments.
And the guide said, we're
going to help you now.
We're going to help you.
I said, how is that?
You need to go to the
rescue center this weekend.
There's a dog waiting
there to heal you.
And I'm like, OK.
The dog's waiting to heal me.
I said, OK.
So I turned to my
partner, Brian,
and I said, Brian, we have to
go to this-- down to the shelter
and get a dog.
The dog's waiting to heal me.
He said, anything
we could do for you
to get you back to
normal, we'll do that.
So we went down that Saturday
to this shelter, this rescue
center.
And I sat there and I
looked at all the kennels,
every single one of
them, all 10 of them.
And I walked by.
And none of the
dogs spoke to me.
None of these dogs spoke to me.
And the cats spoke to me,
but I'm allergic to cats.
But the cats were in the back,
and they were speaking to me.
And I'm pretty good
connecting with animals.
You'll see in just a bit.
So I remember.
I went back into the lobby.
I sat down, and
I started crying.
And I said, spirit, how
could you do this to me?
Why would you do this to me?
As any human says.
Why would you bring me here?
I thought there was an
animal here to help heal.
And all of a
sudden, I look down.
I leaned out.
And there was a dog that
had been-- was being walked
and wasn't there
the first go round.
So I saw this little
white face leaning out
the very last kennel.
And I walked down.
And I got there.
And she looked up at me.
And then she went
down on her back.
Rolled out and showed me her
belly just like that, just
like that dog was in the street.
And I knew that this was my dog.
I knew that that was my dog.
I knew it right away.
We felt a connection.
And I took that dog.
And now that's my
proud daughter named
Maisey May, which
she's a beautiful girl.
She's a dachshund, a white
dachshund Jack Russell.
So you can imagine.
And if you go to my Facebook
page, you'll see her.
I show her there all the time.
And I also have a boy rescue
who is a Boston Terrier
Chihuahua, which looks a little
black Boston Terrier named
Boo Radley based on "To
Kill a Mockingbird."
So that's my family.
And we're going to go get
some more family members, too.
So right now I'm looking to
buy property, lot of acreage,
to get more animals
and rescue them.
So it's really important that
we do our part with the animals.
Because they certainly
do a part for us.
They always wait
for us when it's
our time to pass into
the spirit world.
They will be there right there
with-- and waiting for us,
and waiting, and waiting.
Many times, I've brought
through animals where they've
said to their owners, I'm
right there at the bed
where I used to sleep all time.
I once had a dog come
through to its owner.
And the dog was a little upset.
And I know they go
beyond those emotions.
But this dog said, my
owner got a new dog.
And I said, you got a new dog.
And she said, yes.
I said, well, your
dog got passed over.
I think his name was Bobby.
Bobby's OK with that,
except one thing.
She goes, yes?
Bobby said that you're using
his bowl for the new dog.
And he would like you to get
a brand new bowl for the dog.
And she agreed to it.
She said, OK.
I'll do that.
I will do that,
thank you right away.
So it's incredible.
So today's show, I thought
we'd bring on some animals.
And our lovely people
here at Gaiam TV,
they have their lovely pets
with them, some of them.
And I just met them briefly.
But I wanted to
bring them on stage
and first do a reading
for the animals.
Call me Doctor Dolittle.
And there's a great pet
psychic named Sonya Fitzpatrick
who actually is still working.
And I did a radio show with her.
She's very, very good.
I'm going to attempt
to do what Sonya does.
But it's easy talking
with the animals.
They're much easier
than the humans.
Because humans have
stuff in the way,
where animals just
going through.
So we're going to bring out
some animals and the owners.
And we'll see what we can do.
How's that?
OK.
Great.
So I'm going to go down here.
Yes?
Oh, look at this corgi.
Hi, baby.
And this is a boy or a girl?
>>AUDIENCE: Boy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's a boy.
And what is his name?
>>AUDIENCE: Huckleberry.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Huckleberry,
you want some water?
There you go.
You can have-- he
can have water.
>>AUDIENCE: Come here, buddy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He already
drank a cup before the show.
So Huckleberry is a
sweet, sweet baby.
And Huckleberry would
have been the middle
of the litter, probably,
middle of the litter.
Did you get him
through somebody or did
you hear about him somewhere?
Did you go somewhere?
>>AUDIENCE: We got him from
a friend of ours, actually.
>>VAN PRAAGH: From a friend,
heard about him, great.
And would there have been
a man involved with that?
Was it a male friend?
>>AUDIENCE: My father's friend.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
father's friend.
Because I know that it
came from a male friend.
And- look at him.
He loves it.
He loves being in the outdoors.
He loves to run.
He loves the outside elements.
He loves to dig.
I can you say that, you know
him digging all the time.
Because I see him
digging all the time.
>>AUDIENCE: Come here, buddy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Come on, buddy.
Do you want me to read you?
Do you want to read you?
Do you want come up on here?
Come on.
>>AUDIENCE: Go say hi.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Ah,
yes, I'll go down.
I'll go to your level.
>>AUDIENCE: It's low.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's low.
I know.
I'm low too in the human
standards, so that's all right.
OK, there's some water for you.
OK.
So I know that
there's no-- is there
another animal in your
place, like a cat?
Or is there any other
animal you have or you had?
>>AUDIENCE: In where he lives?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, he lives
with a dog, another dog.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, because
he keeps on telling me here
that he's not sure
about that other animal.
He's not sure about that.
Now, I don't know if that other
animal steals his space where
he's sleeping all the time,
they fight, go back and forth,
trying to take his space?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, they--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Is the
other dog bigger?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, much bigger.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Mm-hm.
Don't like that.
He feels a little
bit-- hi, sweetheart.
There you go.
I know, hi.
Yeah he feels a little
bit intimidated.
I know you must give him
biscuits around 2 o'clock
in the afternoon.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, we give
him a lot of biscuits.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
that some things are OK.
But I don't know if
you just do dry food.
>>AUDIENCE: We do wet, too.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You do wet?
And you just changed
it up recently?
>>AUDIENCE: He just got
a new bag yesterday.
>>VAN PRAAGH: There you go.
OK.
I know that he's
OK with his food.
He likes a little
bit of variety.
Now, he loves rabbits.
>>AUDIENCE: Really?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Loves rabbits.
>>AUDIENCE: To eat or to chase?
>>VAN PRAAGH: No, to chase.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: See, humans are
crazier than the dogs are.
He likes rabbits to chase.
He likes to run in the wild.
If you can bring him
out there, do you
have a field where you
can bring him out to?
>>AUDIENCE: He actually--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Lives in a farm?
>>AUDIENCE: We have
a big backyard.
He chases rabbits
in our backyard.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's what I'm--
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
I'm trying to see things
through his point of view.
And I know that I
love those rabbits.
I know that I love
to chase them.
And he loves squirrels.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Loves
the squirrels.
>>AUDIENCE: Obsessed.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Loves
the squirrels.
And I know that there are
some rats or some mice where
you live.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
that he's looking for them.
And I know that he
goes underneath there,
or wants to go underneath the
house or going under that area.
Understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now, did you
find him digging at one point
under the house
or near that area?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
when he was younger,
he dug a hole under the porch
and ran under the porch.
And I had to dig a hole and get
under there and get him out.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
So what he gives me,
what he tells me,
is that there are
some rats there.
He doesn't call them rats.
We call them rats, humans.
But that he's very
curious about that.
And I know that goes from
his breeding as well.
I'm going to tell you that
before that other person gave
him to you, I think he was
with a woman at one time.
And I gotta tell you that he
has memories of that woman.
And I gotta tell you,
I don't like that.
And I don't like that because
I feel with him when he first
started out that-- I don't
want to say abuse with her,
but I want to say
neglect in a way.
I want to say that he was
by himself quite a bit.
And he does not
like to be isolated.
You know that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
I'm going to sit up on
the bench because this
is getting a little weird here.
Yes, kisses, kisses, OK.
Yeah, he's not always
sure about people.
There must be a brand
new man in a house,
or a man recently came
in that's new, yeah?
>>AUDIENCE: Um.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Is there
new people in the house?
>>AUDIENCE: No, no.
>>VAN PRAAGH: No?
There was recently a
man that came to visit.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh--
>>VAN PRAAGH: In his space?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm trying to think.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I don't
know if it was a brother,
or it was a relative, a friend.
But there was a male
figure that came in.
>>AUDIENCE: OK, yeah, last week.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Last week, and
he would have worn a darker
jacket, or a dark coat.
So I don't know if
you remember that.
>>AUDIENCE: I don't
remember a dark coat.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, and if
you walk into your place
where you live, is there a place
where you put your jackets up,
like a hook or something?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah-- oh!
I know exactly what
you're talking about.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
You understand that.
So, because I know that
he didn't like him.
I know that he felt
very intimidated by him.
>>AUDIENCE: He did.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And he's
telling me that now.
He's saying that to me.
And I got to say
that I don't know
if I like him in his space.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He's very
protective of his space.
You know, you have the hardwood
floor somewhere, don't you?
Because he likes
that hardwood floor.
And I see his piddy pads on that
hardwood floor running around.
>>AUDIENCE: Yep.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I don't
know if it's a long hallway,
that is, yeah?
Because it's just
goes back and forth,
that hallway going
back and forth.
He loves the toys.
He loves some squeaky
toys, very much so.
I don't like the ones with
the perfume or the smell.
So you got to be very,
very careful of that.
Because he's very,
very sensitive to that.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I
know that sometimes he
must go up and lie on
the pillow in the bed.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
it's his favorite spot.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He loves that.
It's his favorite spot to go.
So I got to tell you that.
Yes, I loved you.
You're great.
Now, he wonders how
long that other dog's
going to stay there.
[LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: We're
actually moving,
so he won't be with him for
just a couple more months.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He knows it.
>>AUDIENCE: Really?
He knows it.
He looks forward to that.
I mean, I think animals are
great together-- socialization,
they need socialization.
But that dog there, it's just--
it's a different vibration.
It's just a different energy.
And that older dog,
or the bigger dog,
needs a little
bit more attention
than this dog does, or
tries to get attention.
And this one's like, come on.
This is my house.
This is my place.
Stop this, you know.
This sort of thing.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know that
you've got be very, very
careful at dinner time,
around 7 o'clock at night.
Because I know
you're giving scraps,
or you're cooking something.
He's looking at you like that.
And I'm giving him something.
Do you understand that?
And do you have a
butcher block table
where you-- in the kitchen?
>>AUDIENCE: Not a table--
>>VAN PRAAGH: A center
island or something there?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
I know that he
sits in front of that
when you're cooking.
The sink is here.
And I see that over there.
And you're giving scraps.
And I just want to say
be very, very careful.
Because there are certain
things that his digestion
is very, very sensitive.
And he could be very
allergic to certain things.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
so like carrots, I'm
not sure about the carrots.
Because I think carrots
you've been giving him.
>>AUDIENCE: He eats everything.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well,
see and that's
the part where the human has
to have responsibility, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because we want
him to live as long as we can.
He's very happy with you.
He likes you-- are
you with a man?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah?
He likes you more.
He does.
You know that, though.
>>AUDIENCE: I do know that.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And it's
really a matter of energy.
It's the frequency.
And he feels that you're his.
And he's yours.
And when that man comes by, he's
not overly crazy about that.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now, I'm not going
to say it's like the emotion
that humans have.
It's just energetically.
So you'll just know that.
And I like this dog.
And I like a lot more
water, obviously thirsty.
But needs more
water all the time.
And I don't like putting him
outside, leashing him up there.
>>AUDIENCE: No, I don't do that.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
Because I think the
lady-- the first did that.
I think the lady that had him
at the very beginning used
to put him on a leash
for a long, long times.
And didn't that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He also likes
to look out the window.
>>AUDIENCE: He loves it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He loves
looking at what's
going on outside the window.
And I like that.
And I want to ask
you one more thing.
Is there a car with like a back,
like a station wagon or an SUV?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
I love him in there.
He loves to be in that ride.
I love the doggie bed.
So I thought there must be
a doggie bed in that back.
Because he loves to
stay in that doggie bed
and look out the window.
>>AUDIENCE: Yep.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So there you go.
And just look at his diet.
He seems fine.
Make sure his diet.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And might
have been trouble with worms
at one time.
>>AUDIENCE: Huh, OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
just watch for that.
But I feel pretty healthy.
He's all yours.
All right, honey?
>>AUDIENCE: All right.
Thank you so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: All right,
thank you, sweetheart.
Thank you, baby.
I know, a lot of people.
You can go right down
there, that's great.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
Come on, Buddy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's interesting.
You ever feel depressed,
you feel down,
you feel out of sorts; you just
have an animal come and sit
there with you.
And just feel the energy.
Just pet the animal.
It really does
release the hormone.
And you really will feel
much better, of course.
I wonder how much we
give to the animals.
They give us so much.
And now we're going to
have a second dog come on.
We'll see what we get
for the second doggie.
And dogs, of course,
it's just energy
that I'm reading with them.
Some dogs are very, very open
as far as letting you share
and getting into
their head space,
and others are very protective.
So here's our next lovely.
Is this Lola?
>>AUDIENCE: This is Lola.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi, Lola.
Lola's a girl or a boy?
>>AUDIENCE: Lola's a girl.
>>VAN PRAAGH: A girl.
Hi, Lola.
You want some water?
Hi, baby.
Oh, I know.
It's a new space.
She always wonders
where she's going.
She always wonders, new spaces.
She's not comfort--
first five minutes,
she'll be-- but once she feels
the energy, she'll be fine.
Very psychic dog,
very intuitive dog.
And she's very, very,
again, protective.
There must be three people
in the house around you?
>>AUDIENCE: There are.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, three
people in the house.
>>AUDIENCE: My wife,
my daughter, and I.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your wife and
your daughter and you, yep.
She says she's with
the three people.
And she likes you.
I don't know if there was a
thought about having another
baby, or getting someone
else in that house,
or there was a thought of--
if you had a miscarriage,
or there was--
>>AUDIENCE: My wife
had two miscarriages.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I
know that the dog tells me
there are three, but there's
one running around, spirit.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So not
the two, just the one.
So the other one's in the
spirit-- they're all-- but when
we go to the other side,
we see them many times.
We will see them when
it was a miscarriage.
But I know it was a boy.
And I know he plays with
the girl, your girl.
Now, that's very,
very interesting.
Isn't it?
>>AUDIENCE: Wow.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Are you
the second owner of Lola?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: We got her
from Humane Society.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I love
that you saved her life.
I loved that you saved her life.
And she appreciates that every
single day, every single day.
And Lola-- hi, Lola.
Your leg's been bothering
you a little, baby?
Is that right?
Her leg has been bothering
her a little bit.
>>AUDIENCE: Really?
>>VAN PRAAGH: So I don't
know if it's a hind leg,
or there's been a
little bit of something
with a bone, something
with the bones.
So there might be just a
little bit of arthritis.
And you might notice
that with her hind leg.
You haven't noticed
it yet, right?
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And was she into the
vet just recently?
>>AUDIENCE: She was--
yeah, not too long ago.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Like
two weeks ago?
>>AUDIENCE: A little
more than that, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
did the vet say
that she has to have
an x-ray or something?
>>AUDIENCE: No,
but she was found
to be hyper thyroid--
I'm sorry, hypothyroid.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So she needs
a pink pill every day.
You just started the pink pills?
>>AUDIENCE: Not just-- probably
within the last six months.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Right, I like that.
That's OK.
My dog also has that.
So this is very
common with dogs.
And does she hang out underneath
the dining room table?
>>AUDIENCE: No, not so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Whenever
you're eating.
>>AUDIENCE: She-- no, no.
She likes to wedge herself
between the armchair
and the side table.
That's like a little,
that's her safe--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, OK.
Yeah, I like that furniture
over me, or around me
to feel secure.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well,
she said you don't
use that dining room anyway.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, exactly.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She
just said that to me.
They don't use that
dining room anyway.
He likes to sit with that chair
you can go all the way back.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: There
must be a room
with a television set there.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
where the TV is.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And that's
where you hang out?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
that what she shows me.
I don't know if you watch
games or things like that,
but she's there with you there.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Could
I say that she'd
be-- I feel equally between
you and your wife, as far
as she loves you
both very much so.
I think that your wife needs her
a little bit more than you do.
I can say that to you.
I feel there's a
connection there with her.
Now, as she gets older,
she also has heart stuff.
So just be aware of that?
How old is she, seven, eight?
>>AUDIENCE: She's six.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Six.
>>AUDIENCE: She'll
be seven in April.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Seven in April,
so around the age of eight--
I just want to check and
make sure her heart's OK.
Because it feels
like that's something
that she said be aware of.
I think she's very
good exercise.
She likes to walk with you.
She loves walks.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I think
the weekends are a big deal.
She looks forward
to the weekends.
So you guys must go out on
a big walk on the weekends.
>>AUDIENCE: We do, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
she loves that.
She loves that.
She love some of those dogs,
not all the dogs, the dog park.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She loves some
of them, not all of them.
And she makes it known.
And I know there
must be-- do you
have a second story
to your house?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: There's a
second floor, correct?
Because as I go with her up the
stairs, up the stairs there,
she's smelling everything.
So I don't know if there
was some new carpeting put
in recently, or there's some new
furniture or something up there
at all?
>>AUDIENCE: We painted my
daughter's bedroom recently.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Is that off to the right
side as you go up the stairs?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, as you go
up to the right, exactly.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You turn
to the right, correct?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I know
that that smell bothered her.
>>AUDIENCE: Really?
OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: The
smell bothered her.
And it was like this--
>>AUDIENCE: Sorry.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She knows
you didn't mean it.
But she's just telling me
that the smell bothered me.
And that would have
been about a month ago,
a month a little
bit more than that.
>>AUDIENCE: Absolutely.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Six weeks ago.
And she's very
much-- she loves you.
She's very loyal, of course.
And I need to ask one
more thing to you.
Are there other little
animals around your house?
>>AUDIENCE: She's got a brother,
another dog, yeah, Kona.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, Kona,
looks very much the same?
>>AUDIENCE: Same size, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Different breed?
>>AUDIENCE: Different breed,
a mixed, also a rescue.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I like Kona.
I like them together.
Now, opposed to that
first dog that came in,
she likes to have company.
She likes another
animal with her.
I don't-- I know that she
loves her food, of course.
But I also love-- she
loves the washing.
She loves getting the baths.
She loves getting clean.
She likes to be clean.
>>AUDIENCE: Much more
than Kona does, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She likes it.
She looks forward to it.
>>AUDIENCE: Really?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, she does.
Now, have you tried doing
it outside the house once?
>>AUDIENCE: Uh-huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
I know that.
And do you ever give her rawhide
bones or bones to chew on?
>>AUDIENCE: We-- yeah, we have.
She shares our office here at
Gaiam with several other dogs.
And she steals rawhides
from the other dogs.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's it.
There you go.
>>AUDIENCE: She's the culprit
when someone's missing--
>>VAN PRAAGH: That is
her mission every day.
When she comes to Gaiam,
she looks for that rawhide.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
that is her mission.
That is her mission.
There must be a
black dog in Gaiam
around where she looks at.
>>AUDIENCE: Absolutely.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
the black dog is spoiled.
And the black dog has
all the good stuff.
You know that.
The black dog.
And she loves being here.
She loves going on these jaunts.
I love going out, of
course, out the window.
She likes the air.
She likes looking out
the window very much so.
>>AUDIENCE: Loves it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I love those walks.
She really looks
forward to the walks.
And I know that you must have
a little beddy for her, a dog
bed.
>>AUDIENCE: We do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And is it
underneath a heating unit,
like a radiator, or something--
a heating unit near it?
>>AUDIENCE: It's
close to a floor
vent, very close
to a floor vent.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So, I just
want-- she said to me,
sometimes it gets too hot.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So just be
aware of where you place that.
Because sometimes it's a
little bit too hot for her.
>>AUDIENCE: That's why she
jumps up on our bed then.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's why
she jumps up on the bed.
Because animals are very, very
sensitive to temperatures.
And I've got to
tell you, it happens
around 1 o'clock in the morning
that the temperature goes up.
So you'll have to
look and see that.
You might just move it
a couple inches away.
But she's very
sensitive to that.
I also want to put
water over there for her
when she's at
that-- near the bed.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
We don't have it
in her room, but--
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know.
That's what she told me.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know.
We've got to train these humans.
We've got to train them.
Any questions you have?
And what is your name?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm Don.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Don,
nice to meet you, Don.
>>AUDIENCE: Nice to meet you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Didn't
even ask the human.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
That's right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Don, do
you have any questions
you'd like to ask?
See if-- what--
>>AUDIENCE: Just sometimes
she-- like you said,
she doesn't like all dogs.
She can be quite aggressive
towards smaller dogs,
and mainly females.
And I want to curb that.
Because she'll go after them,
and she'll clamp on them.
She doesn't bear down.
But she'll-- and it's annoying.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Got it.
>>AUDIENCE: Because
our other dog
is just wonderful
with other animals.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Got it.
She was in a cage
when she was younger.
That's where it
comes from, she said.
So when she was in that cage,
she had other dogs there,
and there was one Chihuahua mix
that was barking at her a lot.
And I'm going to
tell you something.
I feel that dog
tried nipping at her.
And she remembers that.
So let me just tell her that
it's all right, that that's OK.
That was just the
past, not anymore.
She got it.
She said she got it.
She'll do her best, she said.
She's very unsure.
I'm not sure.
OK, I got it.
But she's you very
much into control.
She likes to be in control, and
she likes to own this space.
She likes to hear the TVs at
night, the sounds of the TV,
and playing movies in the TV.
And that puts her
right to sleep.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, she's great.
And one more thing.
Did she ever have a scar?
Or was she ever
fixed in some way?
>>AUDIENCE: She was spayed.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Spayed, uh-huh.
Yeah.
That was OK?
Everything worked
out fine with that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: I
believe she-- yeah,
she was spayed when we got her.
So, she had already--
>>VAN PRAAGH: I don't like
with that rescue, when
she was in that
cage, the kennel.
I don't like that.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But
you've rescued her.
And that's a
wonderful thing to do.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
She rescued us, too.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And is your
wife's birthday coming up?
Or is there a birthday
celebration soon?
>>AUDIENCE: My
daughter's birthday.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your daughter's.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, coming up.
>>VAN PRAAGH: When is that?
>>AUDIENCE: And mine's
actually in a couple weeks.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Couple
weeks, thank you very much,
because she's just
said, happy birthday.
She just said, there's
a birthday coming up.
And we're getting excited
for it because there
are going to be
people at the house.
And there's going to be things
that are going to happen.
And she goes, I know
there's excitement.
There's a birthday coming up.
And she said that to me.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So there's
going to be a celebration.
And I think you're a
good guy, too, Don.
I think you're very good.
You take care of your family.
You're very even-keeled,
nice person.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So thank you for
taking care of Lola and Corey.
OK, thank you very much.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: Let's go, Lola.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So for
everybody sitting
in the audience, and you
people at home as well,
you can-- as we sit
here with the dog,
I just want you to
tune into the dog,
too, and see what
you can pick up
for the next dog that comes in.
And we'll work together,
and we'll see what you get,
if you pick up something.
But isn't it interesting just
to see-- because the energy is
so different with each
animal, just like each human.
And just we'll see
what you guys get, too.
How's that?
Is that fun?
All right, so now we
have a really big dog,
a Malamute, I believe, right?
>>AUDIENCE: That's right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
and your name is?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm Wendy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Wendy, hi Wendy.
And this doggie is?
>>AUDIENCE: Chilkoot.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Chilkoot!
Hi, Chilkoot!
>>AUDIENCE: He's named for
the Chilkoot Pass in Alaska.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh,
isn't he a sweetheart?
You want some water?
You're gonna knock
that right over.
We'll move that.
Hi, Chilcoat.
>>AUDIENCE: Chilkoot.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Chilkoot,
give me lovings.
Oh, you want to lie down.
You can lie down.
Here, where you are.
It's OK.
You can trust me.
So he loves to be
petted, obviously.
Are there are other
animals around as well?
>>AUDIENCE: We have cat.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: So he
didn't like this stage
when we were up here before.
I don't know why.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh it's OK.
I know.
I might just say, it's OK.
He has a favorite
blanket at home?
>>AUDIENCE: He has
like a dog bed.
Yeah, it's a padded bed.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
feels really secure.
And he loves that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
just told me that.
He's a very sensitive boy.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Very,
very sensitive, and he's
very sensitive to the
energies in your house.
Do you have a lot of
windows in your house?
>>AUDIENCE: We do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I almost
feel it's a house of glass.
>>AUDIENCE: Very much, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I really
got to tell you that.
I feel he's so wolfie, this dog.
He's very much connected
with the wolves.
Of course, he comes from wolves.
But he's a lovely animal,
but a very sensitive being,
very sensitive.
He's a caretaker.
He's very good at-- don't you
feel how great his energy is?
Yeah, he's very, very good.
He doesn't like certain people.
I don't know why.
He doesn't like people
surprising him at the house.
He doesn't like
people surprising--
coming up to the
door and surprising.
He doesn't like that.
He has his own thing he
likes to do in that house.
He owns that space.
It's his space.
Now, do you have
a four poster bed?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He tells me that.
That's what he tells me.
And I know that-- I
know that he would
love to get up there,
that four poster bed.
>>AUDIENCE: He sometimes has--
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
likes to go up there,
but he's not sure
about it, you see.
But he likes to go up there.
Come on, baby.
It's OK.
>>AUDIENCE: Sit down.
Sit down, there.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, there you go.
>>AUDIENCE: Want to lie down?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Have my hand.
So I don't-- a couple
things let me just tell you.
He loves going up on
that four poster bed,
but at the end of it, I see a
lot, and looking up for food,
wanting food, wanting food.
So sometimes maybe
comes wanting food
in the morning or something.
But he likes to go-- he
likes that four poster bed.
You said you had a cat?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Cat's tricky.
Do you want him
to wander around?
>>AUDIENCE: He just
doesn't-- for some reason,
he doesn't like
this wood surface.
>>VAN PRAAGH: How about that?
You just get your hair
all over my crotch, great.
>>AUDIENCE: Come here.
No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Let him go down.
He wants to meet with people.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He feels
more comfortable.
Did you see that?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's right.
So he feels-- he's very
sensitive to people.
There are some people he'll
like and some people he won't.
He doesn't like
surprises at that house,
I'll tell you right now.
He's very, very
sensitive to people.
I got to tell you, very,
very sensitive to people.
I also got to tell
you, his eyesight,
one is more powerful than
the other in his eyes.
Like, one is outstanding.
And then one is OK.
>>AUDIENCE: He was
actually attacked
by a pit bull a few months ago
and almost lost his right eye,
and had surgery on it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, I see that.
>>AUDIENCE: Huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You like that?
I see that.
Yeah, yeah.
But he's just
giving me that sense
that one eye's better than
the other one, is stronger.
I also got to tell you,
I think you keep really,
really good care of him.
I really honor you for
taking care of him.
Because you're really
in tune with him.
I mean you, you are him.
He is you.
It's really, really true.
>>AUDIENCE: We're pretty close.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I know you must
have-- are there three
bowls you have down.
>>AUDIENCE: He has--
well, he usually has two--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well, you have
big things, like a trough.
>>AUDIENCE: He has
two silver bowls.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And then
there's another one, no?
>>AUDIENCE: Our cat has a bowl.
But he usually has two.
>>VAN PRAAGH: The
cat has a bowl.
I know I see three down
on the floor there.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: The cat's OK.
I think they could
be good friends.
>>AUDIENCE: They are, actually.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I think they
could sleep together, too.
>>AUDIENCE: We had Mocha--
Mocha's like 17 now.
So we had him when
he was a puppy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He respects Mocha.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
does respect Mocha.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
he's good to him.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Can
I come down here?
Oh, good boy.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
there's something
about this he doesn't like.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh,
yes, that's OK.
We're going to give
you some lovings.
How's that?
You like some lovings?
And you don't give
him chew toys, do you?
>>AUDIENCE: No, he
doesn't really--
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
doesn't like chew toys.
>>AUDIENCE: He likes
bones with meat.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And where's Daddy?
He wants to know.
He misses his Daddy.
He loves his Daddy.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He wants
to play with Daddy.
Daddy gets a little rough
with him sometimes they play.
They rough house.
>>AUDIENCE: They
like to run together.
>>VAN PRAAGH: They rough house.
He loves rough housing
with Daddy, he says.
I know there must
have been photographs
taken of him recently.
There must have been pictures.
>>AUDIENCE: Always.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Are there
photographs of him
on a wall where you live?
>>AUDIENCE: We do.
Yeah, we have a couple
family pictures that he's in.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, he likes
one of them, not two of them.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
likes one, not two.
Yeah, and where is the room
that you all go and relax in?
>>AUDIENCE: You know, honestly,
the room that we spend the most
time with him, we have
this very big kind
of dining room, great room
thing that we hang out in there.
And he likes to be
there, probably there
most of the time.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He's a people dog.
You know that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
really, really is.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He's
a people He thinks
he's a lot bigger than he is.
He thinks he's a horse.
Do you have horses
around your property?
>>AUDIENCE: We do, yeah, we do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
he talks about horses
around the property.
And he thinks he's one of them.
And he talks to those
horses all the time.
>>AUDIENCE: Well,
our back fence--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Perimeter.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
a horse pasture.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, and don't
be surprised in the afternoon
if he talks to the horses.
If you let him out there--
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, he's
out there all the time.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He'll
be free out there.
It's good to run him free.
He'll talk to those horses.
And they like each other.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: They
like each other.
It could be three
horses over there.
>>AUDIENCE: He likes them.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, he's
a people person, oh baby.
I really like-- I love his life.
I wish I had his life.
And I like the horses.
Yes, you do.
And is there anyone
named Charlie around,
Charles or Charlie?
Whether living or dead?
>>AUDIENCE: Charlie.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Or a friend
named Charlie he plays with?
Does he play with
any other dogs?
>>AUDIENCE: Not too much,
because mostly he's at home
in the backyard and we--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Look at that.
>>AUDIENCE: No, I don't
think any Charlies
that I can think of.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
see if a Charlie
comes into the life, or
something with Charlie.
Because I like that for him.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK?
And that's fine.
That's what I get.
All right?
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
honey, thank you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
[APPLAUSE]
You're going to go.
Very good.
So it goes to show you that,
really, we can read each other.
It's all energy.
I was just listening to
the dog and listening
to them speak to me.
Now, not necessarily
was I able to get
them to focus on me because
they're not used to,
many times, that adults,
that someone hears them.
So that's really interesting.
So I was just going
with the-- if you will,
my mind was blending
to their mind.
And I was just seeing
their experiences,
and what really came to
the surface, that either
had to be known or
that sort of thing.
And I can really send
thought out there
if there's a question,
and ask the dog.
And the dog will
send it right back.
There's no-- like, the
humans have all the stuff
in the way, all the judgment
and all the fears, limitations.
Animals are not like that.
So as I continue, I
just want to start
working with animals
in the spirit world.
And there's a horse that comes
here with a father figure.
So I know the horse
would have been--
you would have had the horse.
And your father is
also passed over.
And I feel it's somebody
in the audience.
And I think it's a woman.
And that's what I have.
So I have-- anyone make sense
with a horse that passed over.
And your father's also
in the spirit world?
That's you.
And that's you.
OK, and that's you.
OK, great, and would
this be a horse
that your father
would have known?
Yes.
I think I'm right here.
May I come to you?
Would you mind standing?
Thank you, and
what is your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Kathy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Kathy.
Hi, Kathy.
I have this brown horse here
that would have known of you.
You understand that?
And the brown
horse-- I think there
might have been another
horse also somewhere.
But I like the
brown horse for you.
Because this brown horse
wants to come for you.
Now, I know before
the horse passes over,
there's some internal stuff
going on with that horse.
And I don't know if the
diet had to be restricted,
or they couldn't
have the diet that it
couldn't eat for a while.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: This is a different
horse than I was thinking.
I have had two horses.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
I'm talking about a brown horse.
>>AUDIENCE: They
were both brown.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: But this-- one of
them had a metabolic problem.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's the
one I'm talking about.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right, so the
one was a metabolic problem,
or a diet problem, or they had
switch to the-- I hear you.
Tried switching
up the diet, tried
switching up what it
was getting to eat.
Even tried to get it
sunlight, or something
changing the elements around.
And I got to tell you
that you tried everything,
or they tried everything.
This horse is saying,
they tried everything.
Not just you, but
>>AUDIENCE: My husband's
a veterinarian.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
husband's a veterinarian
>>AUDIENCE: For horses,
and we tried everything.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
you tried everything.
Now I know that before
I said the name Charlie.
Charlie, I don't
know what that means.
But maybe that might apply to
you for someone, not an animal,
but someone.
I want to say to you to bring
a message to your husband.
And I want to say thank you
on behalf of all the animals
that he tried helping.
Now, I would have been aware
that your husband might have
thought about either-- I don't
know if he was going to retire,
or change a business,
you understand that?
OK, and I just want to say,
based on the animal kingdom,
they don't want him
to do it right now.
>>AUDIENCE: They don't want
him to do it right now.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Little more time,
maybe a couple more years.
Because they really look up--
>>AUDIENCE: He's thinking five.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Perfect, perfect.
Because they really love him.
And if I go into his office,
and I see all the awards,
or I see that on
the wall-- there's
like certificates or diplomas
or something over there.
And I know that there are
pictures of animals around.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
in our clinic.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's
in your clinic.
>>AUDIENCE: And we're
just work with-- there
are a lot of veterinarians
in the clinic.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
I love that work.
Wasn't that interesting that
it came through for you?
So on behalf of those animals
that have passed over,
thank you to you, your
husband, and the staff,
for your love and affection
for healing those animals.
Now, this brown
horse that comes in,
really, I get very emotional.
Now, I know that your husband
or your team, or his team,
might go out and
visit properties.
And go out and give
shots, or go do that.
Is that right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, horses mainly.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Horses, great.
Because I know that
they appreciate that.
Now, I know your dad
has also passed over.
And I know that your dad,
before he passes over,
I feel a bit ill
with your father.
And I know he went through
a period of being ill,
he says to me.
And he has this horse here.
Your horse is lovely.
He loves this.
And he said, when you
come to this side of life,
you can make any
environment you want.
And there definitely will
be animals and horses there.
And I know that they
help with your-- right,
I know these animals,
from their side of life,
help you with your
practice down here.
And I know that your husband
is very, very intuitive
doing the work he does.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now,
your father wants
me to tell you that it's all
different than he expected.
He never expected it to be
like this, where he's at.
He knows someone
named Bob, or Robert.
He knows that person, that name.
So someone in the spirit
world with that name.
You understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, good.
Just so we know.
So-- and he comes in.
And I want to ask him
who had the diabetes?
Or was there a problem at
the end with the diabetes?
You know this.
Are you a sister, or a friend?
>>AUDIENCE: My daughter.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Daughter, stand up.
He's part of your-- that's your.
>>AUDIENCE: That was my dad.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
That's your grandpa.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right?
So you know about the--
I'm going to ask you both.
So one might not remember.
One will.
So you know about the diabetes
before he passes over.
It must have been some diabetic
situation going on there,
and he had to be very,
very careful of that.
And I want to ask
you, was he also
in a hospital setting
when he passes?
I don't know if he was
there for a couple of months
or it was an extended
leave at one point?
>>AUDIENCE: Short time.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Short time.
Was he in once before then
came out, and had then
back in finally?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Like seven
months before or something?
Is that right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And he's
just giving me that.
He's also give me a
sense here that we really
didn't know what to do
toward the end with him.
We didn't know what we should
do with him at the end.
So I don't know why,
but I can't breathe.
My heart is acting very strange.
And I can't-- it's
like [GASPING].
And I'm short of breath.
And now my heart
is going like that,
the arrhythmia of the heart.
It makes sense to you, right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So when you
think of your grandpa,
think of the heart.
Because that also
is symbolic for him.
OK?
I know that there must
be a lady over there who
would be his wife.
That would be your grandma.
And that would be-- you'd know
her very, very well, she said.
And I know when she
was in the lifetime--
and she has animals around
her, too, by the way.
There's some dogs.
There's something
around this lady.
And these people, they
have their animals.
I got to tell you that.
And I know someone who liked
to feed stray cats sometimes.
>>AUDIENCE: We did
that as children.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
your dad and your mom
would come in here now and tell
me-- give me this impression
about feeding the stray cats.
And also, there was one
time where there was a box,
and one cat gave birth.
And there was a
litter with kittens.
And she said that.
So I don't know if
of remember that.
I don't know if
it was in a garage
or it was in a barn,
or something like this.
But there was-- she's
telling me about there
was the cat that had the
babies, or the kittens.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, I
got in big trouble
because my neighbor's
cat had babies,
and I told them that I
was allowed to have one,
and I never got permission, so.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, OK.
>>AUDIENCE: So that's
how we got a cat.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, OK.
That's interesting.
That's what she's
remembering this.
And so did your mother die
before your father passed away?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because she made
everything perfect for him.
She said, she knew she had
to make it perfect for him.
Because she took care of
everything in the house.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She made sure
that everything ran perfectly.
She made the food.
She made sure that he
was taken care of 100%.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You know that.
And you know they're
both at peace now.
So, I think that you both are
pretty evolved spiritually.
I can say that to you.
I can say, well, of course,
you work with the animals.
And you're very
compassionate people.
open-minded people.
And I love working with you.
Because when you're open-minded,
you can learn and expand.
And everybody you
touch, you bring
your energy of
open-mindedness to and
your compassion,
your healing, to.
You understand that?
And I know that you helped
your mother when she was dying,
or when she was passing.
She said she was dying,
and you helped her.
You helped her.
And I know that I couldn't move.
I couldn't walk and get around.
And she said she's able to
do that now so, so much.
And if that's all you
hear today, she said,
that's where you need to hear.
I love that.
I love that I want
to sit down where
there are two
chairs in the house.
I don't know if there
was-- you understand
where that is, right?
It's where the fireplace
might be, right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because that's
where she visits all the time,
and your dad.
Your dad's speaking with her.
So it's both of them
coming in at once.
And I want to ask you, if I'm
sitting in one of those chairs,
does one of those chairs
have a blanket on top of it?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's
where she sits,
where the blanket is
on back of that chair.
>>AUDIENCE: Now, she
has those chairs.
>>AUDIENCE: They're at my house.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
So I like that.
I like that.
And I just want
to tell you that I
like the rug that's there, too.
And I don't if you're
going to replace that rug,
or you just did,
or there was talk
about replacing that
little area there.
Is that right?
>>AUDIENCE: Uh-huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, good.
I know you must have tea
or coffee there sometimes.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
My husband does
probably every day.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
husband does, OK.
I think he's a good
man, your husband.
And they like him.
They like him a lot.
Now, I know there
must have been talk
about going on a
trip, a warmer trip,
going to warm climate
over the winter time.
Is that right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Is that right?
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
with your husband
you were going to do that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And do
you also have a dog?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
I have two.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, I
love your doggies.
They're great.
I love them.
Is there a window box, or a
window seat, or something?
Or they like to go
by that window area?
>>AUDIENCE: There's a
couple of low windows.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Low
windows they look out.
They like to look out.
>>AUDIENCE: They just look out.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I just see that,
from their point of view,
they're looking our here.
So I like that.
Your mother, by the way--
I feel with your mom,
if I go back here with her,
she talked about internally she
wasn't feeling good at all.
And then it manifested, and
it was a disease of some kind.
But it manifested.
And then I feel my
bones also messed up.
And I got to tell
you, I don't know
if she was near
80, or right at 80.
>>AUDIENCE: 78.
>>VAN PRAAGH: 78, very good.
Because I know that she
goes in life as far as
she can with that.
And she lived a good life.
And so did your dad.
And your dad's very proud, very
proud, and very proud of you.
You have children, do you?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Two
children you have?
Yeah, so they say.
And they love the kids.
They love the kids.
So I'll leave you
both with that.
God bless you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I would
like to ask somebody
if you have a mother
that passed over
who would know of the name of
either Betty, or Elizabeth,
or that would be
significant to this lady?
And a Caroline as
well, or a Carol.
Does someone know that?
Uh-huh.
Is that your mom?
Your mom passed over, correct?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, right, I
think I'm right with you.
Would you mind if I come to you
for a message with your mother?
And you have doggies, too.
You have dogies around, right?
I know you do.
I see it.
Would you mind standing, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Sure.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
your names are?
>>AUDIENCE: Lori
>>AUDIENCE: And Charles.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Lori and Charles.
I need to ask you,
is your dad also
passed over to the other side?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And is
your dad passed over?
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
dad and mom are here.
But your dad and
mom passed over.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I don't know.
I got to tell you, there's
a lady next to you as well.
So I don't know if its on your
mother's side of the family.
So I'm not sure if
it's an aunt of yours,
your mother's sister,
or her mother.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do you have
an aunt that passed over?
>>AUDIENCE: I have an Aunt Ruth.
>>VAN PRAAGH: An Aunt Ruth.
And that would be on your
mother's side of the family?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's
who I'm getting.
Thank you very much.
So I'm going to put
her to the side.
Are you shocked?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Where'd you think
you were coming today, darling?
>>AUDIENCE: Well,
I didn't think--
>>VAN PRAAGH: To a dance party.
>>AUDIENCE: I thought
maybe it was for her.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
are you related?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, this
is my younger sister.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
would you stand, too?
>>AUDIENCE: This is Leanne.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's Leanne.
Hi, Leanne.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So did
you know your aunt also?
Did you know her?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes, very good.
So let me start here and
then work our way around, OK,
because I know that I want
to talk about your mother.
And I want to tell
you your mother
loves you more
than you ever know.
I want to tell you that your
mother found it very, very
hard, she said, in this
life, in this human life.
She said, you know, I
really didn't belong there.
She never felt like she fit in.
And she never felt
like she belonged here.
OK, do you remember that?
Would you understand that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes?
OK.
And I know that your-- if I
can say it to you this way,
your mom, before she passes
over, around her late 60s,
she said there was a
condition or something
happened to her in the late 60s.
So I don't know what that means.
And I feel like
there might have been
a loss or something
emotionally happened to her.
>>AUDIENCE: She had
sugar diabetes, I think,
about that time.
>>VAN PRAAGH: About that time.
I don't know about that.
I don't know.
It's something emotional
she's telling me
that happened around 68 years
of age that really set her
on her way down, if I
can say it that way.
Just she almost loses her
sense of wanting to live.
Now, I know she has
family all over.
I know there would have
been a lot of brothers there
in that family, or boys, men,
in the family on her side.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, but all of
them has passed away, too.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, but she
comes from a large family.
Do you understand that?
And in the spirit world,
there are brothers over there,
like two or three brothers would
have been over there for her.
You understand that, right?
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now,
I know she likes
to use the pillow
when she was alive,
that pillow on the
couch, or the duvet.
And she likes to sleep
there with the couches.
You understand that, right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because it's
a memory that she gives me.
And she's a very sensitive lady.
She does feel like she
doesn't fit in well here.
I don't know why the
drinking is in the family.
But there is.
So there's alcoholism
in that family.
You understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You can say yes.
I know.
You understand that.
And I don't know if that
affected your mom sometimes
as well.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because, as
she comes to me-- and, again,
it's so funny, because today
is a show about animals,
but I get all these
animals around.
And I get animals
licking the face.
And so I don't know if you
guys have a dog that does that,
licks the face.
But on behalf of your family,
that's also kisses from them.
Your mother also-- I know that
she must have had glasses.
>>AUDIENCE: 'Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because she's
talking to me about that.
And she's also talking
about living-- what?
OK.
She used to eat out of
cans, have canned food.
She liked canned food a lot.
You understand?
She had canned food a lot.
You understand that?
And I know that she
would like her loaf--
meatloafs and this
sort of thing.
Simple the better for her,
simpler the better for her.
And she says she
feels, toward the end,
a little bit
depressed, your mother.
I got to tell you, at the end
I feel very, very depressed.
And I feel like
it's overwhelming.
This life is overwhelming.
I really don't want to live here
anymore, she's saying to me.
And she's very proud of
you, very proud of you.
I don't know if do you have
the tattoo on your shoulder?
Do you have a tattoo,
or had an eagle tattoo?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
have the tattoo?
Is it an eagle, or wings?
>>AUDIENCE: I have
fairies on both shoulders.
But we're talking about eagle
tattoos when we get married.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Ah!
Wow!
Here are the animals,
eagle tattoo.
>>AUDIENCE: His
last name is bird.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And there
you're wearing an eagle--
>>AUDIENCE: That's
our wedding ring.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Woo!
I'm getting goosebumps.
And I do this professionally.
Isn't it wonderful?
>>AUDIENCE: So she
likes the tattoos?
>>VAN PRAAGH: I love that.
I love you two together.
And can I just say that it's
a lease for both of you.
Because I know you
were married before.
You were married before.
I want to tell you that this
is a new lease in your life.
And which one has the children?
>>AUDIENCE: Both of us.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Three kids?
Who has three kids?
>>AUDIENCE: I have three.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
have the three kids.
>>AUDIENCE: I have
two boys and a girl.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And you have two kids?
>>AUDIENCE: I have--
well, one-- one just
passed away from my
wife had passed way,
and then she had five boys.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Is it a
girl who passed away?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Can I bring
her through for you?
>>AUDIENCE: Brenda?
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm going
to talk to Brenda for you.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh!
Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Can
I just tell you
that Brenda brought
the two of you
together, that Brenda
is really the one who's
pushing you guys together.
And that I know that that
tattoo you were going to get
is in honor of her as well.
And I understand that.
OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Her daughter
wants the same one.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well, then her
daughter can get the same one,
but just so it will remind her
that she's with her always.
OK?
All the time, and
I'm very, very aware
that the rings you
were looking at-- you
were looking at
some special rings
We were talking about the rings.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, that's his.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's his.
What's-- no, don't like that.
I like that you guys are
going to have a ring together,
or that you were thinking
about we should get something
together that brings us together
as far as uniform togetherness.
>>AUDIENCE: Just the
tattoos, pretty much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: The tattoos?
Nope, you're going to get rings.
And they're going to
be expensive rings.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, good.
>>VAN PRAAGH: No, you don't
need to have expensive rings.
It's just the intention.
It's the union and
the two of you.
And I guarantee
you, you're going
to find something-- I
don't even think its metal.
I think it's almost like a
rubber or string material.
It's something.
You'll find it.
You're going to find it.
Do not worry.
You'll find it.
Can I say that your daughter
is very, very proud.
And she helped to
get two of you.
And she wants to thank
you for everything to her.
There must've been a time
when she was in the hospital.
And did you visit her in
the hospital at times?
Do you understand that?
And was it about a month worth
of time visiting her there?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because,
as she comes in,
they're doing a bunch of tests.
They're doing things for me.
They're trying to do
things, blood tests,
and to do things with me.
And she said, after a while,
she was impatient about it.
And she said, she's in
it, and she's out of it.
So sometimes she's in it, and
sometimes she's out of it.
So sometimes she' like-- I'm
not going to say coma state,
but she' definitely out
of it, asleep a lot.
Or I like-- go on, uh-huh.
She talks about medications,
a lot of medications.
And I know the medications
were very strong for her.
And I know some
these medications--
I'm going to say
it because that's
what I do-- I know they
were toxic for her.
I'm going to say that.
And I know that you
loved her so much, too.
You did.
Really, she loves your love.
She feels your love.
I know that the people
that took care of her,
she goes form one area over to
another area, so one section
of the hospital then another
section of the hospital.
So I'm not sure it's
a regular section then
she goes to an ICU.
There's going back
and forth here.
OK?
OK, and I know you
tried visiting her
every single day, every
single day, every single day.
And I know you must
have a pickup truck.
You're a kind of guy that
would have a pickup truck.
And I know that the
bed is not great.
There's something in the
bed of that pickup truck.
Something's not right.
So I don't know if the
painting is peeling,
or there's something's scraped.
Or there's something with
the bed in that truck.
And she said, you
got to look after it.
Watch it.
Take care of it.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
you've been moving furniture
in the bed of that truck.
You understand that?
You must've been moving
furniture recently
with the bed in that truck?
>>AUDIENCE: We're
talking about it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh,
you're talking about it.
I see moving furniture from
one place one to another place.
So you're moving together.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah we're
moving in together.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I like that.
I like that a lot.
And your mom and
dad, I don't know
if they're going
to like her or not.
Who cares?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, my
mom, they love him.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, they love him.
OK, good, perfect.
I wasn't sure.
I was being safe here.
But it's like the son she
didn't have, that sort of thing.
I think-- what's your name?
Carl?
>>AUDIENCE: Charles.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh,
you're Charles.
Weird how it happens.
Isn't it?
>>AUDIENCE: I told him.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Isn't that weird?
Sometimes they come in and
go out, never know where.
But I know that you have to
be careful with your back.
Be careful of your back.
And don't overdo
it with the back.
Your daughter just
wants to come and say,
thank you very much for
writing something to her
and talking to her.
And you wrote a letter or
your wrote something to her.
OK?
>>AUDIENCE: I wrote a song.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
wrote a song for her?
OK, well she's really
appreciative of that,
really appreciative.
And she likes the long
drives, the drives as well.
And I want to ask you, is
she in a graveyard at all?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, she's in
the Fort Logan Cemetery.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Cemetery.
And is there a white cross?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Because she gives me
the impression of a white cross.
And I know that was very,
very hard for you to do that.
And she just wants it to be
easier for you, not harder.
And she's out of pain.
She no longer has pain.
So I've got to give that to you.
And I know you have a lovely
photograph of her out.
I know you do.
She looks very pretty.
It must be a school photograph
that she took, she tells me.
And I know that it's
a beautiful thing.
I know that you must
be very-- yeah, I know.
Your father's proud of you.
Your daddy's proud of you.
I think he must have had his
own company at one time when
he was younger, his own-- he
started working for himself--
or, who was in a farm at
one point, your daddy?
>>AUDIENCE: He's a farmer.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Ah,
daddy was a farmer.
Thank you.
Because I keep on seeing
that, the farm machines.
I know he tried doing things for
himself, doing his own crops.
And he really worked
harder than he should have.
In some ways, he
died before his years
because he worked so hard.
His whole life, he
worked really hard.
And who built the house?
Did he build his house?
>>AUDIENCE: He had it built.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He had it built.
But he redesigned it.
He designed it.
He was on top of it.
>>AUDIENCE: I guess.
I don't know--
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, he's
really proud of you.
And was there a twin
that passed away?
I think it might have been
an accident of the passing.
So I'm not sure if
it'd be drowning
or there was an accident?
>>AUDIENCE: I had a
brother that drowned.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, you had
a brother that drowned.
I'm sorry.
I'm mixing it up then.
I know that.
OK, so it was a drowning
with a brother of yours.
God, you had a whole
bunch of things going on.
Do you remember
him when you were
younger playing on a swing?
I know it was a tire
swing some time?
Do you have that memory
of the tire swing?
Yes or no?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, definitely.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Definitely, good.
As your brother comes in, I
just want to go with that sense
that that memory that
you used to have,
push each other with
that tire swing,
and you used to play military
with each other and do things.
And there must've been a creek.
Or there must've been a lake.
Or there must've been a pond
close to where that was.
>>AUDIENCE: Not
too far away, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Not
too far, OK, great.
He's talking to me about that.
And there must've been other
siblings you have as well.
Are there three or
four other siblings?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
there's about--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Seven altogether?
>>AUDIENCE: 10 of us altogether.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, 10 of you.
Are there seven alive now?
Three that passed over?
>>AUDIENCE: Let me see, one,
two-- I have to count here.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's
like horses doing--
>>AUDIENCE: Well, they're--
they're stepchildren.
That's why.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, well let
me just tell you something.
And then I'm going to
get a little bit here,
and then I want to
just continue on.
I gotta tell you that this
wedding is great, the union,
can I call it an union?
And I know you're going to
do it outside, by the way.
I know you've decided to have
it outside, they tell me.
And your mother's
very, very proud.
Your mother loves
you very, very much.
She handpicked you, just
gonna tell you that.
You're one of the best ones.
I know you love the sunflowers.
So there must be some love of
sunflowers and flowers-- well,
sunflowers especially she's
talking to me about sunflowers,
your mama.
I want you to look
for the sunflowers.
You know she's around you
when you see the sunflowers,
whether it's a painting, whether
it's a print, sunflowers,
she's there.
OK?
I know you're going to
have your wedding outside,
she said to me.
I know you're going to have
a lot of flowers around that.
And she says, I'm
going to be present.
Now, I know there
are Mason jars.
This is very, very interesting.
She's talking about Mason jars.
So you're going to do
something with the Mason
jars for the wedding?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, my
sister, on her wedding,
they had Mason jars
that they put--
they hot glued the bases to
them to make them look --
>>VAN PRAAGH: Flowers.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, flowers.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Were they at the
end of the rows or something?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: They were at the
end of the rows, weren't they?
On the chairs?
I'm seeing that in my mind.
>>AUDIENCE: They
were on the chairs.
That was my sister's wedding.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm
seeing that in my mind.
And she was in the spirit
world, your mother, then.
Wasn't she?
>>AUDIENCE: Well, his mom.
My mom's still here.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your mom,
your mom, your mom.
Well, she's telling
me about this.
She's telling me
about that, about
your sister's with the jar.
She liked that.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
what we kind of copied.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know you're
going to do something as well.
Yeah, you're going to do that.
She said you're
going to do that.
And she said, I'm
going to be very proud
and I'm going to be
under that tree with you.
She's going to be
under the tree.
So I don't know if where you
picked that wedding plans out,
you picked out a ceremony place.
But there's a big tree.
>>AUDIENCE: There's
lots of trees.
>>VAN PRAAGH: There's a big oak
tree, and she's gonna be there.
And I know you have-- really,
your father's so proud of you.
Your father's so proud.
You tinker with the cars.
You tinker with the motors
all the time, he said.
He said, oh, you're
under that hood,
and you're tinkering all around.
>>AUDIENCE: I used to.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You used to.
And who's the Susan, or Suzie?
Who's that?
Susan or Suzie?
>>AUDIENCE: We
have a grandmother.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your grandmother
named Susan or Suzie?
>>AUDIENCE: Great grandma.
>>VAN PRAAGH: In
the spirit world?
Was she like the matriarch
of the family sometimes?
>>AUDIENCE: I think.
I don't know much--
>>VAN PRAAGH: There's a
Susan or Suzie over there.
And I want to go to a
basement that I open up
the doors this way.
You know, one of those
basements you crawl down to,
like a root cellar or something?
>>AUDIENCE: That was
Aunt Ruth's house.
Aunt Ruth's had one.
Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well,
she's here, too,
and she just wants
you to know it.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah?
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
she shows me that--
>>AUDIENCE: She's pretty feisty.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Don't
you hide down there.
You don't hide down there.
The things, don't
you hide down there.
>>AUDIENCE: She
was always telling
us to stay off those doors.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Stay
off those doors.
So I like that.
I'm going to tell
you something, too.
And I don't know if you ever
wanted to do any nursing work,
or work in the
hospitals, or work with.
>>AUDIENCE: Actually, I'm
a veterinary technician.
But I want to go into--
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Veterinary technician.
>>AUDIENCE: But I want to
go into grief counseling.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now,
what is that about?
>>AUDIENCE: I know.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm here
with animals and a vet.
I mean, hello.
>>AUDIENCE: But I want to
go into grief counseling--
>>VAN PRAAGH: I just saw
a beautiful nurse's cap
over your head.
So whenever I see
that, it usually
means the person
is a healer or they
work in the medical fields.
And you do, obviously,
as a vet tech.
>>AUDIENCE: Yep.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I think you'd
make a great grief counselor .
I think you can see people.
You feel people, and
you're compassionate.
The only thing I want to say,
the caveat to that, is this.
I want you to be the
best possible person
you could be as far
as loving yourself.
Because you can't love others
or be honest and have integrity
when you're not there yourself.
>>AUDIENCE: Very true.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
first we want to work
on ourselves, meditation.
Get to that space of pure love.
That way, that they can see
that light on that level,
everyone you interact with.
But the spirit
world's around you,
helping you to heal others.
So I'll leave you with that.
And you're going to
have very good surprise
after your wedding's done, a
very nice surprise come to you.
And it's going to be
either going someplace,
or-- I'm not going to spoil it.
But I just want to
say flowers are there,
where you're going to go to.
It's a different location.
And its' either a
visit or a trip.
And your mom and dad
are making it happen.
So I'll leave you
guys with that, OK?
Thank you all very much.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>>VAN PRAAGH: So I hope
it's evident to you
today, all these strange
things that happen.
We have a vet tech.
We have a person
working with the vets,
and it's an animal show.
Hello.
I often think that the
spirit world, really, they're
the masters.
They really are the puppeteers,
and we're merely the puppets.
And I think that.
And I think that
everybody, today,
go give your animal a kiss.
Feed your fish.
Pet your bird, your cat, and
your doggies and your horses.
Because they feel your energy.
Just know they feel your energy.
And they're here sharing
this planet with us,
and we have to be
respectful to them.
So everybody here, I wish
you my love and light
until we meet again.
And everyone at home,
thank you very much.
God bless you.
Buh-bye.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]